11-5 Email (#159)
CHTC/chtc-website-source: user-news.md

archives](https://www-auth.cs.wisc.edu/lists/chtc-users/).

------------------------------------------------------------------------

> ## Limited Job Starts on Previous HPC Clusuter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Limited Job Starts on Previous HPC Cluster
```

### Thursday, November 5, 2020
Greetings CHTC users, 

*The below pertains to users of CHTC's HPC Cluster, for which users submit jobs via the [aci-service-1.chtc.wisc.edu](http://aci-service-1.chtc.wisc.edu) login node. Users of only the HTC System are welcome to ignore the below.*

> As [previously announced](https://chtc.cs.wisc.edu/user-news.shtml)**, **next week we will be transitioning all remaining hardware from the previous HPC cluster configuration to the new configuration. This means: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As [previously announced](https://chtc.cs.wisc.edu/user-news.shtml), next week we will be transitioning all remaining hardware from the previous HPC cluster configuration to the new configuration. This means: 
```

-   We are currently draining jobs from all remaining nodes in the old cluster configuration. **Jobs requesting 7 days (or any time request that cannot be completed by Nov 10) will not start.** Jobs can still run on the old cluster nodes, but only if their time request ("--time=" in the submit file) indicates that they will complete before next Tuesday, November 10. 
-   **If you have not already logged into the new cluster configuration and tried to run test jobs, please do so** as soon as possible! After next week, the old cluster will not be available to run jobs -- you are less likely to experience interruptions to your work if you make sure everything is running smoothly on the new cluster now.

In addition, we are hoping to have user modules for the Intel compilers and libraries within the next few weeks, and we will send a separate email when these are available.

> Please send any questions to <chtc@cs.wisc.edu>, as always, and join us at office hours (Tu/Th 3-5pm, see the CHTC server login message for the meeting link).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please send any questions to <chtc@cs.wisc.edu>, as always, or join us at office hours (Tu/Th 3-5pm, see emails from CHTC staff or login to a CHTC server for links to the office hours virtual room).
```

> Please send any questions to <chtc@cs.wisc.edu>, as always, and join us at office hours (Tu/Th 3-5pm,[  https://go.wisc.edu/chtc-officehours](https://go.wisc.edu/chtc-officehours)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please send any questions to <chtc@cs.wisc.edu>, as always, and join us at office hours (Tu/Th 3-5pm, see the CHTC server login message for the meeting link).
```
